very well and I bring you green makeup and
by the lips more road is thus strong
intense perfect for the true autumn and
when I had never dared to use
this type of makeup as well as that
he was lucky now I will soon
is especially charming the lips
do not see me had come to approve with
these things that I did not do before I did not
Forget thinking that maybe look at me the
hand the bass and I do not know but friend and if not
do not try if you do not dare him or
will not know if it's right or wrong
is good or bad I do not expect you to like it
enjoy it
well let's start by applying a
I'm going to be using black prebase
this peak theme in black ground but
you can also use
any normal black eyeliner and what
we are going to apply on all the eyelid mobile
so that the shadows are a little bit more
striking
we will not be blurring very well
and we will also apply it in the part
lower eye
now we are going to be using this
pale green color of the pallet
wet and wild conversion and we're going to
apply in the first half of the eyelid
mobile
and doing the same at the bottom
of the eye ok now let's catch this
iridescent green and we are going to apply it
in the part of the center of the eye
blurring it also with the shadow that
we previously applied this color to me
fascinates because depending on the angle
that you look at it you can see different
colors blue green up brown can
that in a beautiful color
we keep blurring
and we will also apply it in the part
lower eye
now we are going to be eating this green
stop here and we'll go
applying from the outside of the eye
towards the account in order to define a
little bit more the logo and also give it a
smoked touch that look
we will be doing the same in the
lower part of the eye making a
small but do not worry about
make it perfect because we will be
discriminating
more or less well ok now we will be
taking this color creampie that you
come here and we will be applying it in
the eyebrow bone to illuminate that
area and also for us to make a
It's a little easier to blur this color
mole that you see here that we are going to
be applying between the bone of the
eyebrow and the basin
let's blur
we keep blurring, blurring
important
well now we will be using
this delineador de l'oréal that I
fascinates and we will be delineating the
water line up and down to
intensify even more the makeup
and in this part if you do not have much
experience with much careful also
we are going to be defining the part
superior exterior of the eye only that
We're not going to take it deep inside and
doing a little bit but we're not going
to worry too much because what
we are going to be blurring
the same in the lower part of the eye the
same delineated
ok now let's blur these
outlined that we just did now
same and we will discriminate
thanks
and we're also going to extend the fast what
let's extend a little bit more
outside
the same in the lower eye
ok now we are going to be using the
same shadow that we use to illuminate the
eyebrow bone we will do it for
illuminate the lacrimal and we're also going to
apply a little bit below all those
shadows that we apply in the part
lower eye but just a little
almost nothing and we will also blur it
now we are going to be applying my mask
favorite of l' original bulky original
and we're going to apply it on the tabs
superior and inferior
and she finished our eyes now let's
be using this eyeliner
of Jordanian in dark brown and we're going to
use to outline the lips
up and down
make sure when you are going to use it
new in the eyes because it disinfected
fairly good
ok let's fill in the lips too
with the same liner and Giorgana
we will be blurring with your fingers
but you can also use a
brush
ok now let's move to the area I'm going to
be using this maybelline in
sell a super cute brown color and what
we are going to apply just above the
delineated the brown that we apply
previously
perfect ok now let's go to the ru gua
I will be using this in addition
neiva one of my favorite places and what
we are going to be applying with a brush
double fiber to control a
little bit more the color since we have
a lot of color in the eyes and on the lips
and so as not to overload ,
let's do this way
now let's apply my lit the
favorite of him in luminance
and we are ready
because I love the result
I never saw
I'm not being attracted to me lately
new things and all that and also I
is notary like strong like
came the violets and others I'm not
enchanting I am like that in obsession to
empty but nothing and I also want to go back
to remember that I have a new page
facebook I like that here I eat
review I do not know how to put tips I do not know different
things in case you want to visit him always
I leave everything all social networks
down in the video just like in the end
of the video and I do not expect anything in the
next
Y
and
It is not like this